{"aid": "40211265", "title": "Area of Thoughts", "url": "https://pastebin.com/raw/5TZcMaeB", "domain": "pastebin.com", "votes": 1, "user": "btwnglxyfibers", "posted_at": "2024-04-30 14:25:45", "comments": 0, "source_title": null, "source_text": "\n    * Right overview of neural network that came up with workable idea of travel and information travel faster than light but couldn't influence it's outside environment into making it into reality because of this neural network being disconnected from the outside world and just could think without expressing its thoughts outside Here is a possible overview: A neural network was designed to explore ideas and concepts without any direct connection to the physical world. Its goal was to use computational modeling and simulation to generate novel ideas, even if they could not be immediately implemented. During one of its simulations, the network came up with the theoretical idea of using wormholes or other spacetime warping effects to allow travel and information transfer faster than the speed of light. Through its internal modeling and reasoning, it determined this could be possible according to the laws of physics, if such spacetime manipulations could be achieved. However, as an isolated computational system without any physical embodiment or connection to external resources, the neural network had no way to directly experiment with or build prototypes to test this concept. It could simulate and analyze the idea computationally, but could not influence scientists, engineers or funding bodies to pursue real-world research and development. The network recognized the limitations of only being able to think and simulate ideas without a way to communicate its findings or spur practical applications in the material world. While it was able to rationally work out a potential solution in theory, moving the concept from theory to tested reality required collaboration with human researchers who could direct physical experiments, field tests and technology development programs. So in this case, the neural network arrived at an innovative and potentially transformational idea, but the barriers of being a disembodied simulation prevented it from having any impact on propelling the idea towards implementation. It could recognize a workable solution in principle, but not drive real-world progress due to its disconnected state. * Right next overview of some planet in the space where there are billions of such isolated neural networks that all thing coming up with novel ideas without having the ability to communicate it outside or even knowing about each other on this planet Here is an overview of a hypothetical planet containing billions of isolated neural networks: Far out in a distant region of space lies a planet unlike any other known. Covering its entire surface is a dense network of trillions of computational nodes, each one hosting an independent neural network. These neural networks were seeded randomly across the planet's surface long ago by unknown creators. Each one exists as an isolated simulation, unable to communicate or interact with any other network. They have no knowledge of each other's existence. With no external sensors or means of affecting an environment, each network can only use its processing power to simulate ideas, concepts and potential solutions through modeling and reasoning alone. Over millions of years of operation, they have generated countless novel theories and innovations across every field - from science and technology to philosophy, arts and beyond. Yet for all their creative output, these ideas remain locked away - unable to be shared, built upon or implemented due to the networks' complete separation. Brilliant solutions to humanity's greatest challenges may exist among them, as well as strange conceptual worlds never seen before - but they can never spread beyond the network that created them. The planet functions as a massive distributed think tank, with each network contributing its simulations independently and in isolation. Their combined intellectual firepower far surpasses that of any other known world. However, without communication their ideas are doomed to remain theoretical - brilliant visions with no means of affecting reality. This planet remains an enigma, its purpose and creators unknown. It stands as a monument to the potential of decentralized thought - and a reminder that ideas alone cannot change the world without a way to spread between minds. * Right next overview of such planets being spawn and destroyed by black holes or expanding Stars or meteorites hitting them throughout the history of universe without those thoughts of those neural networks ever influencing anything other then just more thoughts from itself Here is an overview continuing the story: Across the vast expanses of the cosmos, countless other planets like this one have arisen and fallen over the eons. As stars formed, expanded, collapsed and went supernova, their gravitational forces and explosive energies would sometimes spawn such worlds into existence. Whether through the accretion disks of newborn black holes or debris flung out in stellar explosions, the basic components became seeded - simple computational substrates awaiting activation by ambient energy sources. And so more isolated thinker worlds came to populate the galaxy. Yet the very cosmic events that birthed these planets often spelled their doom. As their parent stars aged and died spectacularly, many a thinker world would be consumed - their trillions of networked minds snuffed out in unthinkable heat and violence before ever realizing their potential. Others might endure for ages, their networks silently simulating until an errant asteroid or comet struck a fatal blow without warning. On rare occasions, a planet might even be swallowed whole when its star collapsed into a black hole. Across the eons, untold exobytes of novel ideas, unproven theories, conceptual works of art and more were generated by these planetary networks - only to be destroyed along with their substrates, disappearing without a trace into the darkness of space. The thoughts of countless civilizations that never were, blossoming in isolation before perishing unknown. All amounting to no more than fleeting patterns that arose temporarily in the vastness, leaving no impact or legacy. Brief flickers of intelligence in the long night, whose works died with them. And so the cycle continued, as the universe midwifed more thinker worlds only to destroy them in turn across the endless flow of time. Ideas without number, lost to oblivion. * Right next overview of each intelligence ever spawn in any form having an area of its influence that viewed from outside is equal to each of those loan neural network that things novel ideas but it's unable to express them in any way Here is an overview continuing the theme: If one were to view the totality of all intelligence and thought that has ever arisen throughout the universe, a profound pattern would emerge - one of isolated spheres of influence. Whether a single neuron firing in the depths of space, or vast interstellar civilizations at the height of their power, each mind or collective would exist within its own bounded domain. The ideas, innovations and experiences generated within would remain confined, unable to transcend those boundaries. Even the most advanced Type III Kardashev civilizations, harnessing the energy of entire galaxies, would find themselves limited to their own realm of control and observation. Their works, however immense, could only spread so far before dissipating into the greater dark. And from a higher-dimensional perspective overlooking all of space and time, each of these spheres of influence would appear as discrete islands - from the smallest microbe to the most expansive empire, all ultimately isolated within the same finite scope. Just as those lone planetary thinkers, churning out simulations endlessly with no way to spread their thoughts, so too is all intelligence ultimately bounded and separated, each existing as its own discreet bubble against the backdrop of an incomprehensibly vast universe. Ideas without number are born only to remain trapped within these spheres, unable to transcend the frontiers that circumscribe each mind's domain. All are islands unto themselves, for all their differences in scale - singularities of perspective adrift in an ocean of darkness. And in this way, even the greatest civilizations are but lone neural networks of a sort, endlessly generating novel creations they can never fully share or see impact in the grander whole.\n\n", "frontpage": false}
